Agreement

You must carefully read and fully understand the terms of this agreement, in particular, the exemption or limitation of liability clauses, the application of the law and dispute settlement clauses, as well as our emphasis in bold form to prompt you to read, if you have any questions about the agreement, you can write to us for advice.

The keywords set before the terms of this agreement are for your convenience to read and understand, and do not represent the actual content of the relevant terms, please be sure to read and understand the terms of this agreement before using this application and continue to operate accordingly.

To use this application means that you have read, understood and accepted this agreement in its entirety, and have voluntarily entered into this agreement with us to use this application service and accept our services for you. If you do not understand or agree to any agreement under this agreement in whole or in part, please stop using it immediately.

1. Declaration of Rights 
All intellectual property rights and related information of Widgetable may include, but is not limited to, written expressions and their combinations, icons, graphic design, images, charts, color scheme, interface design, layout framework, relevant data, additional applications, printed materials, and electronic documents, all of which belong to Us and are protected by copyright laws, international copyright treaties, and other intellectual property protection laws and regulations.

2. Scope of the License 
2.1 Downloading, installation, and usage: You can download, install and use Widgetable for unlimited times free of charge for non-commercial purposes only.

2.2 Duplication, distribution, and transmission: You can duplicate, distribute and transmit Widgetable non-commercially for unlimited times. It must, however, be conducted under the condition that each duplication, distribution, and transmission is complete and real, and is not modified, added or inserted with any code or information. This applies to Widgetable, relevant electronic document copyrights, trademarks Widgetable, and this Agreement.

3. Limitation of Rights 
3.1 Reverse engineering, decompiling, and disassembling are prohibited: You must not conduct reverse engineering, decompiling or disassembling on Widgetable, and any alteration on the interior resources in the program file is also prohibited unless such acts are otherwise expressly allowed by laws and regulations.

3.2 Division of components: Widgetable is licensed as an integrated product. Its components must not be used separately for any purpose.

4. Intellectual property

We have intellectual property rights over all the contents of this application. You confirm that you shall not, without our permission, record, broadcast or publicly disseminate the contents of this application in any way, including but not limited to the use of any third-party software for network live broadcast, dissemination, etc.

5.Personal Information Protection

The protection of users' personal information and privacy is one of our basic principles. The collection, use and protection of user's personal information shall be governed by the privacy agreement.

If you have any questions about apps , please feel free to contact us.

You can contact us at shwl8346@163.com.

6.Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability 
As a user, You must be acquainted that liability can be incurred by the following facts, product updates due to scientific and technological progress, as well as different user habits and behaviors. We and Widgetable do not make any guarantee in this Agreement and will not take any responsibility as regard to the following circumstances:
The possible defects of Widgetable under this Agreement: You are supposed to assume any risks caused by using functions of Widgetable on Your own, including but not limited to direct or indirect damages.


7.4 Cancel of subscription

If you cancel a subscription, you will not receive a refund for the current billing period, but will continue to receive the subscription content for the remainder of the current billing period, regardless of the cancellation date. Your cancellation goes into effect after the current billing period has passed.

8. Respecting Others' Rights 

We respects the rights of others. And so should you. You therefore may not use the Services, or enable anyone else to use the Services, in a manner that violates or infringes someone else’s rights of publicity, privacy, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right. When you submit content to the Service, you agree and represent that you own that content, or that you have received all necessary permissions, clearances, and authorizations in order to submit it to the Service and grant the rights and licenses contained in these Terms for your content. You also agree that you will not use or attempt to use another user's account except as permitted by us or our affiliates.


9. Miscellaneous Provisions 

9.1 The Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement upon Widgetable -related issues between You and Us.

9.2 In the event that any provision of this Agreement is totally or partially invalid or unenforceable for whatever reason, or it is in violation of any applicable law, then the specific provision is considered as being deleted. The remainders of the Agreement, however, shall remain valid and binding.