Policy

1.Why do we have a Privacy Policy?

When you access, view, browse and use Bandai Namco Europe’s websites and the services they offer, you may be required to provide Bandai Namco Europe with personal data about you.

Bandai Namco Europe processes your personal data in accordance with the applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

The purpose of this policy is to provide you with information on how Bandai Namco Europe processes the personal data about you that are collected from its sites.

Please read it carefully to understand our privacy policy and how we handle your personal data. This policy should be read in conjunction with any document or information referring to the policy.

1. Consent to Policy

By installing and using the application, you consent to this Privacy Policy and the collection, use and sharing of the personal data described in this Policy. If you do not agree, do not install the application or use the application.

If you are under the age of 16, you will not be able to use the applications and services.

2. Scope of Policy

The scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to the personal data collected by you using our applications and services.

This application may contain links to external sites. Clicking on a third-party link will redirect you to that site. Please note that we have no control and responsibility for the content and Privacy Policies of third-party sites or services.

3. Information and Data we collect from you

We collect and process the following personal data and information when you using our applications and services:

Data automatically collected from applications

your device type and model, manufacturer, operating system platform and version, general location (region, country, city, etc), application version, start and end of advertisement browsing, game play status (stage start, end, and operation information)

IP address and Advertising ID (if you use Apple devices, IDFA / if you use Android devices, AAID)

Information you provide when contacting us

Contact information such as your name and email address, and any other information we need to provide support

Data obtained from advertising partners

We may obtain personal information about you from third-party advertising partners, depending on the permission you give to the partner.

Collecting of special categories of personal data

We do not knowingly collect any special categories of personal data (personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation) or personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences or related security measures when providing applications and services.

4. Your right

Your right to rectification of your data: 

You have the right to ask us, as the case may be, to rectify or complete your personal data that are inaccurate, incomplete, ambiguous, expired.

Your right to erasure of your data: 

You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data in the cases provided for by laws and regulations. Please note, however, that the right to erasure is not a general right and can only be exercised if one of the reasons provided for in the applicable laws is met.

Your right to restriction of processing of your data: 

You have the right to request restriction of processing of your personal data in the cases provided for by laws and regulations.

Your right to object: 

You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of your personal data which is based on the legitimate interest pursued by the controller.

Your right to data portability: 

You have the right to portability of your personal data. Please note, however, that the right to data portability is not a general right. Not all data from all processing operations are portable; the right to data portability only concerns processing carried out by automated means to the exclusion of manual or paper processing. This right is limited to processing based on your consent, or on the taking of steps prior to entering into a contract, or on the performance of a contract.

5. Sharing your Information

We may share the your information with partners for the purposes described above.

The privacy policies of each partner are listed in the "Partner List" section.

We may disclose your information in response to law, legal process, lawsuits, and the demands of public and governmental authorities inside and outside your country of residence.

We may disclose your information to public authorities if we believe necessary to protect and challenge the legal rights of us, our customers and partners, and to exercise our legal rights in accordance with relevant laws.

We will not notify you of such disclosures unless required by law.

6. Security of personal information

In order to prevent the loss, destruction, falsification, damage, leakage, etc. of personal information, we will introduce appropriate and reasonable level of security measures to protect personal information. When outsourcing the handling of personal information, we strongly urge you to comply with applicable personal information protection laws and work to maintain the confidentiality of information.

We always make every effort to protect your personal information, but we do not guarantee or represent that your information is fully protected.

7. Rights of users under GDPR or the equivalents

If you are under GDPR or the equivalents, you have the following rights regarding the processing of personal data:

When you exercise the following rights, you can send a request to the contacts listed in the "Contacts" section.

We may ask you to provide certain information in order to identify and correct your data.

Right to withdraw consent

You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time in accordance with Article 7(3), paragraph 3 of the GDPR.

If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us at the address specified in this policy to withdraw your consent. The withdrawal of this consent cannot affect the legality of the treatment based on the consent before the withdrawal.

If you withdraw your consent, you will not be able to continue using the applications and services.

Right of access and rectification

You have the right to receive confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data in accordance with Article 15 of the GDPR.

You also have the right to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you in accordance with Article 16 of the GDPR.

Right of erasure and restriction of processing

In accordance with Article 17 of the GDPR, you shall have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay.

You also have the right to restrict the handling of personal data in accordance with Article 18 of the GDPR.

However, if your personal data is legitimately used to provide our services and for other purposes, we may reject your request or ask you to postpone the response.

Right to data portability

In accordance with Article 20 of the GDPR, you shall have the right to receive the personal data which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us to which the personal data have been provided.

And you have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from us to another, where technically feasible.

Right to object

in accordance with Article 21 of the GDPR, you shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you.

Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority

In accordance with Article 77 of the GDPR, without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of his or her habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringment if you considers that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes this Regulation.

Transferring of your personal data

We may transfer and process your personal data from your country or region of residence to Japan and other countries around the world. We may share your information with international organizations as partner. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your country.

8. Can third parties collect data about our products and services?

Under no circumstances may third parties collect data through the sites.
However, it is important to note that Bandai Namco Europe’s websites may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by third parties, including advertisers and other content providers. These websites may collect data or request personal data.

Bandai Namco Europe has no control over these third-party websites, nor is it responsible for their content and respective privacy policies, nor any collection, use or disclosure of any information by these websites.

You are recommended to read the personal data protection policy of each of the websites concerned.

In any event, the responsibility of Bandai Namco Europe shall not be held liable in the event that the content of one of these websites infringes the laws and regulations in force.

9. Children's Personal Information Policy

This application and service are not available to users under 16 years of age.

However, we cannot determine if the personal information sent is for persons under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 16.

10. Contact

Emailing address: shwl8346@163.com

11. How are updates to this Privacy Policy communicated?

This Privacy Policy may be modified or changed at any time.
If we make any material changes in how we collect, use or share your personal information, we will publish a clearly visible notice on the websites advising visitors/players of the changes made.
Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will come into force 30 days after publication of the change notice for this Privacy Policy.